# note_taker_api

NoteTakerApi - JavaScript client for note_taker_api
API for my React practice project
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: v1
- Package version: v1
- Generator version: 7.14.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install note_taker_api --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your note_taker_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var NoteTakerApi = require('note_taker_api');


var api = new NoteTakerApi.NoteApi()
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.apiNoteGet(callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*NoteTakerApi.NoteApi* | [**apiNoteGet**](docs/NoteApi.md#apiNoteGet) | **GET** /api/Note | Gets all entities.
*NoteTakerApi.NoteApi* | [**apiNoteIdDelete**](docs/NoteApi.md#apiNoteIdDelete) | **DELETE** /api/Note/{id} | Deletes an entity by Id.
*NoteTakerApi.NoteApi* | [**apiNoteIdGet**](docs/NoteApi.md#apiNoteIdGet) | **GET** /api/Note/{id} | Gets an entity by Id.
*NoteTakerApi.NoteApi* | [**apiNotePost**](docs/NoteApi.md#apiNotePost) | **POST** /api/Note | Creates a new entity.
*NoteTakerApi.NotebookApi* | [**apiNotebookGet**](docs/NotebookApi.md#apiNotebookGet) | **GET** /api/Notebook | Gets all entities.
*NoteTakerApi.NotebookApi* | [**apiNotebookIdDelete**](docs/NotebookApi.md#apiNotebookIdDelete) | **DELETE** /api/Notebook/{id} | Deletes an entity by Id.
*NoteTakerApi.NotebookApi* | [**apiNotebookIdGet**](docs/NotebookApi.md#apiNotebookIdGet) | **GET** /api/Notebook/{id} | Gets an entity by Id.
*NoteTakerApi.NotebookApi* | [**apiNotebookPost**](docs/NotebookApi.md#apiNotebookPost) | **POST** /api/Notebook | Creates a new entity.
*NoteTakerApi.UserApi* | [**apiUserGet**](docs/UserApi.md#apiUserGet) | **GET** /api/User | Gets all entities.
*NoteTakerApi.UserApi* | [**apiUserIdDelete**](docs/UserApi.md#apiUserIdDelete) | **DELETE** /api/User/{id} | Deletes an entity by Id.
*NoteTakerApi.UserApi* | [**apiUserIdGet**](docs/UserApi.md#apiUserIdGet) | **GET** /api/User/{id} | Gets an entity by Id.
*NoteTakerApi.UserApi* | [**apiUserPost**](docs/UserApi.md#apiUserPost) | **POST** /api/User | Creates a new entity.


## Documentation for Models

 - [NoteTakerApi.Note](docs/Note.md)
 - [NoteTakerApi.Notebook](docs/Notebook.md)
 - [NoteTakerApi.NotebookColor](docs/NotebookColor.md)
 - [NoteTakerApi.User](docs/User.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.

